Document using a certificate with a full chain (#4849)
matrix-org/synapse: INSTALL.md

* You will also need to uncomment the `tls_certificate_path` and
  `tls_private_key_path` lines under the `TLS` section. You can either
  point these settings at an existing certificate and key, or you can
  enable Synapse's built-in ACME (Let's Encrypt) support. Instructions
  for having Synapse automatically provision and renew federation
  certificates through ACME can be found at [ACME.md](docs/ACME.md). If you
  are using your own certificate and key, be sure to use a certificate that

>   includes a full chain (for instance, if using Let's Encrypt, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  includes a full chain (for instance, if using certbot, use
```

Author: Sure

* You will also need to uncomment the `tls_certificate_path` and
  `tls_private_key_path` lines under the `TLS` section. You can either
  point these settings at an existing certificate and key, or you can
  enable Synapse's built-in ACME (Let's Encrypt) support. Instructions
  for having Synapse automatically provision and renew federation
  certificates through ACME can be found at [ACME.md](docs/ACME.md). If you

>   are using your own certificate and key, be sure to use a certificate that

Reviewer 2: wait, this is misworded. A certificate can't include a chain: you need the full chain *of* certificates.

"use a `.pem` file which includes the full certificate chain including any intermediate certificates".

Likewise for the config text,
